I know it was powered by a pc
It was the milk boy bought in the rockets.
buying any machine you take one
mouse pad of the patifaria in the band links in the
description of the record crowd beauty
The final part with my girlfriend
The state-owned company has been making a lot of noise.
in the mall eating pizza hut o fan
pizza hut is zica and the shops are now
different are actually or trying to
so I'm trying to fall too
came back on as a whole is paying
well a fortune has to be right
in Ita it is serious and I hope also because
Now your right I'm made a debt of 1
year to film a human touch here
It's an iphone 6 and I've seen some
recordings as a video where you record with
ipod and looks great and that's why
I bought because now I have too.
4g and so wwd now because you know
john parintins business why not
but I finished last hope like
a 3rd birthday shopping mall you
had in fact today is not today and
tomorrow but for you it's the one that's going
until that time and when I realized that
my opponent has a wonderful wanna
make a market to serve people ia
hold a meeting about my family and
not only to 200 thousand average pesos of the
place hall buy tokyo beer no
did I have to film some things and
I hope the footage looks good, I'm
here in a mall now then we
It's going to suck.
I do not know how it will be today.
with an encore why do not you have any
to record
but tomorrow I do not believe it
yesterday was 81 birthday to strive me
to make as many as 20 possible
I have not been able to recover the rhythm of
post nine per day but in times
commented on making the cuts by filming on
exchange market but the disease arrived
to exchange then that's it
leave in the audio commentary stayed
very good do not know and after scoring a
Good, I know I did not do well in preparation.
but it turned out that people fled a
little of the control and there is only mine
family and not only person I think
A lot I called here and a lot
people, because paulo ao sala understands paper
And I've already failed to pay for the cell phone.
labor forgiveness agent and then I'll
just a congratulations record, just a moment and
wanted to share with you is also
cool, it 's great with me
nervous
it's shortage of money, it was your coast
family and guy and sold that has days that
we think I wanted to call
People that I fucking fake
in some moments they did not respond and it is
very sad and have no hand of anything I will
dinner but anyway, this is it
the law does not foresee nor are we always going to do
many tables with this is abusive is
Very well we're doing, it did not help.
I'm very afraid of candle I have
fear only of closing of chicão
ae
the game
ef
I've come back years believing that
the video the birthday is now it's day 4
2:40 am and I'm
striving for what I will do without
girlfriend goes to england today you
will see this video that was an opponent of
yesterday so I wanted to enjoy and stay
a little with her
So I have to run here during the
dawn record some little things
I'll spend some time with her back to
record more and record from tomorrow too
is and attesting I think a good ones the ink
recording the fucking sonic and always
They said it was a joke today.
then it is October and pay neither
and campuses because as I said last
thousands of times I think an improvement
the canal because the
difference said here for the project I
I can see what's behind me.
so if I want to, for example, show
my chair I want to show x
It's easy to understand why I have the
100% real return tatá camera then
I really liked the quality I hope
Can you bring more people like that?
and it was just to thank you guys
because all day on twitter with a
little the one congratulations and all the videos of
here in the case was on day 3 that is the
right of that expensive recording had a
feedback too fuck was too much
angry
so thank you, thank you from the heart so
You think I smoked a birthday and
I joked about it all and even started it
day to day, right?
I'm all very well, my dear
one more thing in audio with people
I invited for a birthday are
people who have a very fond affection and
I feel like I'm recording and that's what I
I can invite each of you to
is watching each of you
They deduce watching and I always do what it is
I have one like you here present one
Little does not know and I have a fondness.
pretty fuck for you all
so I really wanted to put 300
thousand subscribers to celebrate the
birthday with me obviously does not give more
but I think it's cool that part of
share a little with you
because you
are present in my daily life
the days
Okay, so I'll finalize this video.
so another vlog was out of time
I won the blog they will be not
will be more powerful than the engineer
I will not do anything very interesting
my life but finally bringing a lot
thing that so exchanging idea with you
because as I said there in that hall
are that there are very few people call
room was very pro flat and little
but they were people who really
make sure that you share without
That moment with me and the way I
I want to share this
moment with you that are people can
special in my life beauty you
Did you like the video?
that young favorite is a very
mud sharing not because it is too
our interconnected of you that the
conditional and with me that at last I am
here behind the camera
Anyway, it's okay enough to talk a lot
Thank you for watching this
iphone has a very fucking deal of slow
motion
I'll bring it to you later, it's very
cool, serious
anyway I did not try the slow
motion with a slap I run into
slow motion and it's really cool, I'm going
put the result now at the end and not
it will make sense no invitation but it is
because if you want to see some
things in my life my life in which the
Brazil is cool, it 's cool, finally, patios.
temptation thank you so much to ask china
Brazil earth until the next and there